sorry to put on my foundation and I
maybelline age rewind the foundation and
sugar beach and now what you want to do
is put an eyeshadow primer I use spaces
cosmetics mental ago and I put that all
over my lid and a little bit underneath
as well now I'm going to take an
eyeshadow brush and I'm going to place
it on this off whitish color and I'm
going to put that all over the lid
utterly above the peace
I'm going to put a little bit underneath
just on the bottom lash line
and in the inner line
alright so now i'm going to pick another
eye shadow brush this is an angled i
head over and i'm going to place it on
this Connie brown color on the CIA new
palette
and I'm going to put that on the in the
crease just like that
you want to blend it in with the offlane
I'm just going to blend that upward
alright so now I'm going to take a
shimmery white color from the Maybelline
sunset sunset neutrals college sun-baked
neutrals holiday me when I take this
shimmery white and I'm going to put it
on my brow bone blending it in with the
alright so now I'm going to take
a brown color a dark around this one
right here nothing Khalid same brush and
I'm going to put that on the outer V
just to give the I little bit more
dimension
alright so now I'm going to take an
eyeliner brush and I'm going to take a
face paint a black face mate from my
mail on pallet I'm going to use it as an
eyeliner you can use whatever eyeliner
you have and I'm going to line my lid
I'm just going to line the lid very
thinly and lined them as close to the
lash line as possible and I'm going to
make a little wing
ok so now I'm going to take a angled
brush and I'm going to place it on a
medium brown color this one right here
I'm going to fill in my eyebrows just to
give it all more shade
I'm just going to fill the bottom and in
these parts areas
just like that now I'm going to take an
eyebrow brush and I'm just going to
brush that out so the powder is not so
noticeable and now i am going to curl my
lashes and put on some scale i'm going
to be using we need or actually blocking
the scale and i'll get back to you guys
ok so my mascaras on i'm going to take a
white eyeliner pencil from in a bill and
i'm going to line my waterline
and there you go now I'm going to take a
brush brush from combat the angled brush
brush and I'm going to take a brown ish
blush from the cs blush palette I'm
going to take this one right here and
I'm going to suck in my cheeks and
contour my cheekbones so look like that
and I'm going to put that in the hollows
of my cheekbones
just to give the space a little bit more
shape and now with the same brush we're
going to take this pink right here it's
a nice muted soft pink and then going to
put that on the apple of the cheeks and
blend it towards the temple
alright so now that done I'm going to
take a red lip liner some color workshop
and I'm going to line my lip
make sure the lip line is very sharp so
you get that crisp line
sorry for the noise in the background
that there's like construction people
outside so cute when that happens
alright so now that's then I'm going to
take our red lipstick the one I'm going
to be using is by Wet'n'Wild and it's in
shape kiss 9 160 and it's this really
rich red and I'm going to put it on my
lips straight from the two you can use
the lip brush but I'm not going to
alright so another the lipstick on the
whole makeup look is done you guys can
put some lip gloss over the lipstick if
you want but I'm just going to leave it
like this and I hope you guys are happy
with the outcome I'll get close to you
guys so you can see the look a little
bit better and that's pretty much it I
did my hair for this tutorial so hope
you guys like it I have a tutorial on
this um hair so i'll put the link on the
tie bar and i put some vintage e
earrings on just to give it that whole
old Hollywood feel and I bought these
earrings at Claire's if you guys want to
know um and that's pretty much did and
thanks for watching bye